So welcome to the section.
It's very exciting, always to start a new section because we're going to learn something new, hopefully.
OK, so when we talk about computing, we're talking about a lot of things, but basically we get everything
out.
When you talk about a programming file or a program in general, we're talking about ways in which we
can take data, manipulate that data and get a result, right?
But in this process of manipulating that data, there are a lot of decisions that have to be made,
meaning that we have to create a tree like conditions that will respond to the data that we are passing
through.
What that means is as follow.
So the idea of a program is that we create certain conditions, right?
These conditions will allow us to then create some sort of a tree that will go and do certain things
X, Y and Z.
So the many is as follows.
So if you have a condition that will spit out either true or false, so if condition X is true, then
it will run code block B or do something.
And if it's false, then write code Block eight.
That's the condition that is tree like ramification that we're talking about here.
But also, we can say else, if some other condition happens, then we're going to do Franko Block C.
OK, so this is what we call branching.
So we're creating these branches in our code, in our program that will do something.
All of this is actually driven by data.
So there's also a need to repeat certain tasks.
For instance, we can say, while X is less than 10 or 100, we want to repeat a certain task.
That's what we call looping when we take these two topics of branching and loops in any programming
language, really.
This is what makes a program a program, because now it on its own can make those decisions can repeat
certain tasks that it needs to repeat until a certain condition is met and then gets out of that loop
and then goes back to the branching and goes back and forth until the program is finished running all
it needs to run.
So this is what are we going to be focusing now to understand how the basics at least of loops and branching,
you know, code so we can be a little bit more dangerous with what we can do with coupling?
OK, let's go ahead and get started.